# Harter 2017-Q2 OKRs

I think these key results are pretty aggressive.
I should note that the 70% target completion will probably not be evenly distributed.
My priorities in decreasing order are: 

* documentation content,
* data consulting,
* and training.

My training goals are the most likely to be left incomplete.

## Objective

Enable a Data Driven Culture

## Key Results

* Scale the impact of our platform via **documentation** and **training**
  * We have great tools for the initiated,
    but they’re not scaling over users.
    Everyone needs to be able to answer questions,
    documentation is the best way to make this happen.
  * Key Results:
    * Documentation **content** written and useful
      * [“Getting Started” section](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1341699)
        content is written
      * Telemetry-batch-view documentation is migrated
        ([bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1341730))
      * We have an overview of our tools for experimentation
        ([bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1341812))
      * We have a guide to collecting new data
        ([bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1341818))
      * We have an introduction to pings
        ([bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1341805))
      * We have a guide to our data interfaces
        ([bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1341896))
      * “Custom Analysis with Spark” is migrated to new platform
        ([bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1341899))
    * **Training** ready for beta sessions
      * Specify format for training - 
        Who’s conducting? How long are sessions? How many people can attend?
      * We have a selection of practice problems 
        to test whether we’ve achieved our learning objectives
        (and to occupy time and attention of advanced attendees)
      * Content Written
      * Conduct a beta training
* Unblock our analysts and find our most important work via **Data Consulting**
  * It’s easy to get disconnected from our clients.
    Spending a portion of my time working directly with analysts
    helps me find the most **immediately impactful work**.
    A large portion of these immediately impactful projects 
    can be launched in a **single sprint** 
    (e.g. 
    [cookiecutter_etl](https://github.com/harterrt/cookiecutter-python-etl),
    [python_mozetl](https://github.com/mozilla/python_mozetl)
    ).
  * Key Results
    * Be Responsive to all requests (1 business day maximum response time)
    * Touch 15 data projects (reviews, consulting, personal ETL jobs, etc)
    * Launch 3 derivative resources - these are repositories, code examples, or blog posts that shares and scales what I learn as a consultant.

## Grading

Overall: 100%, 53% -> **76%**

* Scale the impact of our platform via **documentation** and **training**
  * Rating: 53%
  * Documentation
    * Rating: 6/7 = 85%
    * We made a lot of progress with the Documentation.
      However, only most of the "Getting Started" docs are written
      and our "Intro to Experimentation" is limited.
    * The documentation is at least as good as what we had at the beginning
      of 2017 and we've opened up a lot of headroom:
      * We can now file bugs against the documentation and we have a complete
        outline of what documentation needs to be written.
      * Existing documentation is searchable and consolidated.
      * The documentation is version controlled and has clear owners.
  * Training; 1/5 = 20%
    * No progress except for writing content via the D11n goals
* Unblock our analysts and find our most important work via **Data Consulting**
  * Consulting Rating: 100%
  * I did a lot more consulting than I expected this year.
    Search needed a lot of work, but I handled the extra load seamlessly
    and made impactful contributions in the process.
